PolygonID x Rarimo (#3)
rarimo/docs: docs/reference/contracts/polygonid.mdx

        uint256 tokenId_ = sbtContract.nextTokenId();
        uint256 userId_ = _getIdentityId(inputs_);

        _verificationsInfo[userId_] = VerificationInfo(msg.sender, tokenId_);
        addressToUserId[msg.sender] = userId_;

        sbtContract.mint(msg.sender);

        emit Verified(userId_, msg.sender, tokenId_);
    }
}
```

- `AGE_VERIFY_REQUEST_ID` — hard-coded KYC demo request id;
- `sbtContract` — address of the SBT contract, which will be called to mint Soulbound token;
- `addressToUserId` — mapping of addresses to user's identity id;
- `_verificationsInfo` — mapping of user's identity id to the verification information, which contains the prover address and minted token ID;
- `_beforeProofSubmit` — hook that performs some necessary security checks;
- `_afterProofSubmit` — another hook, which mints the SBT in case of valid verification;

The most important function, that verifies the ZKP - `verify(...)` is inherited from the `ZKPVerifier` contract.
This contract adds necessary logic for our needs.

Full implementation can be found [here](https://github.com/rarimo/polygonid-integration-contracts/blob/master/contracts/QueryVerifier.sol).

### `VerifiedSBT`

> The SBT awarded to users who complete the PolygonID x Rarimo KYC verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SBT awarded to users who complete the Polygon ID x Rarimo demo. 
```

        _;
    }

    function mint(address recipientAddr_) external override onlyVerifier {
        _mint(recipientAddr_, nextTokenId++);
    }

    function _beforeTokenTransfer(
        address from_,
        address to_,
        uint256 firstTokenId_,
        uint256 batchSize_
    ) internal override {
        require(
            from_ == address(0) || to_ == address(0),
            "VerifiedSBT: token transfers are not allowed"
        );

        super._beforeTokenTransfer(from_, to_, firstTokenId_, batchSize_);
    }
}
```

- `verifier` — address of the verifier's (`QueryVerifier`) contract;
- `nextTokenId` — nonce that is incremented each time a new SBT is created;
- `tokensURI` — token's picture URI;
- `onlyVerifier()` — modifier that allows calls only by the verifier contract;
- `mint(address)` — mints the SBT for the given address;
- `_beforeTokenTransfer(...)` — prevents the token from being transferred (only burn and mint are available);

Full implementation can be found [here](https://github.com/rarimo/polygonid-integration-contracts/blob/master/contracts/VerifiedSBT.sol).

> ### Other contracts

Reviewer: Not relevant for the Polygon ID integration
